new graphics cards used to be exciting
but now we've got supers and XTS and
it's hard to know if they're any good
especially when the stack is now huge
and the price to Performance is not
always what you want it to be AMD has
come out with their new 7600 XT and
we've got power colors hellhound Edition
which is actually pretty cool it is a
pretty badass looking box I'm not going
to lie it reminds me of the old school
days when there used to be like anime
girls and weird ass aliens and stuff on
the boxes and on the cards those were
great the RX 76 XT has some pretty cool
things going for it like 16 gigs of vram
and 100 more megahertz on the clock
and that's
it that's like literally all it's got
going for it we've got 32 compute units
64 AI accelerators 32 Ray accelerators
offering
trying a little bit here overall while
this is an interesting release it's kind
of disappointing because we have been
given something that we've all been
clamoring for a year later but nothing
else and I just can't help but wonder if
they couldn't have done a better job at
the price that they're releasing this at
what's cool about the hellhound Edition
is it's got a little OC vers silent bios
you can swap that to whatever you want
I'm going switch it back to OC because
uh let's be real this thing isn't going
to get that loud when playing games and
then on top of that it's also got an LED
switch I'm going to make sure that is
set to on when I plug it in later cuz I
want to see how good the RGB is if it's
RGB at all it's two slot card nice and
slim which is great these days
considering how chunky everything's
getting we've got what looks like three
display port
2.1singles HDMI but at least AMD is
giving us DP 2.1 not that this thing is
going to take advantage of uh hbr1 or
anything like that they adverti that
it's going to draw about 190 Watts but
we did see spikes of up to 230 or 240
Watts under extreme heavy loads now
that's fine they're recommending a 600 W
power supply so even if you have a
generally beefy CPU you should be okay
let's take a look at the size for test
comparisons we went with an arc a770 cuz
it's a little cheaper and also has 16
gigs of vram and a 4060 Ti from Nvidia
for a mid-range card this is about the
size I'd expect I'm actually still
running a 1660ti in my stream computer
and uh it's about the same size little
dual slot two fan card that doesn't take
up a lot of space fits in most form
factor PCS our Arc card is what another
like 30 mm or something it's nothing to
scoff at the last thing you want to do
is buy a card take it home and then not
be able to fit it in your computer I
really do like how Sleek these a770
looking feel though not going to lie
well that's not what we're talking about
today we're talking about the RX 7600 XT
and I kind of like this one too uh the
hellhound Edition is pretty dope with
these cool see-through fans I'm guessing
that these are going to light up I'm
really hoping that they're going to
light up because that would look
absolutely sick otherwise it's pretty
bog standard in terms of card height
these days as well as uh all of your
other dimensions now the 4060 TI 16 gig
and the RX 7600 XT are both on a 100
128bit bus the ark a770 is on 256 so if
you like that little bit of extra memory
bandwidth then there's kind of a clear
winner here but how does that translate
to actual performance we'll find out
after a message from our sponsor Jawa
they make getting rid of your old
graphics card Easy by just buying it off
you themselves all you have to do is go
through the steps on their site to get
an instant quote and a free shipping
label most sellers will get paid within
one business day after jaware receives
the part and if you're looking to
upgrade your graphics card you can find
big savings on their Marketplace of
cards from users just like you each card
is carefully inspected and quality
checked to make sure they're in working
condition and it's not just graphics
cards Jawa makes it easy to sell your
old rig or buy one from an experienced
Builder sell your old card the easy way
and offset the cost of a new one by
checking out the link in the description
below all right that was easy thanks to
no 16 pin power connector just an 8 and
a six pin nice and simple for a three
lighting modes we've got ice blue off if
you don't want any colors or purple
purple I really like the purple that's
definitely for me we're going to stick
to that cyberpunk 1080p FSR turned off
so it's all Native we are getting 100
frames per second which is actually not
too bad but you know
what it could be better FMF is basically
just amd's answer to nvidia's frame
generation so we're going to enable FMF
and instantly oh my gosh 180 frames a
second it's not quite doubling but that
is an enormous leap it's hard to say if
I'm actually seeing any weird
artifacting or anything that isn't just
kind of already in cyberpunk but even
quickly flicking around like this icon
here isn't
doing that same kind of artifacting that
early frame generation had let's see
what it can do if we up the resolution
for down to like 60 on average 63 61
okay not great it's definitely still
playable let me turn on FSR gets a
little better with FSR but it's still
not great 88 90 frames a second and now
I can really start to see some just kind
of grow actually FSR is not terrible
feel like it's gotten better it's also a
little unfair we're using a 4K screen
that's pretty big and scaling it down
just isn't quite what we should be doing
so it plays games but how well let's
talk performance in 1080P atomic heart
obviously loses to our 16 gig 4060 TI
but it does slightly better than the Arc
a770 in the 1% lows and moving up to
1440p we see basically the same thing in
cyberpunk at 1080p our Ark a770 loses
once more but this time the averages is
quite Stark despite our 1% lows being
almost the same in cyberpunk at 1440p
our RTX 460 TI actually really starts to
lose ground here the 7600 XT actually
beats it in 1% lows by 1 FPS and loses
and averages by only three moving on to
F1 2023 at 1080p our Arc card really
starts to struggle here losing 28%
performance compared against our 7600 XT
the race also gets a little tighter
between our 460 TI in the 7600 XT with
only a 10 FPS difference in our 1% lows
what it really boils down to is price to
Performance this card costs
$330 and the reality is while it has
fewer gigs of vram at only 12 gigs
instead of 16 a 6700 XT can be bought
both brand new or or used for about the
same price as this card maybe even
cheaper than that so unfortunately it's
just kind of a failure and I don't
really understand why you'd buy a 7600
XT when unlike Nvidia where they're kind
of gaing frame gen and dlss 3.0 behind
the 40 series cards AMD is not doing
that the 6000 series can do it too so I
don't get it it took them a year to come
out with this and it's it's just kind of
a non-starter I don't see the point in
getting one and uh frankly I'm a little
disappointed there are some minor
benefits if you're into machine learning
or maybe if you just really need that 16
gigs of vram for video editing or
something along those lines and you
can't afford a 4060 TI maybe you get
this guy but even then I'm kind of
leaning towards Intel and going with an
arc a770 for also around the same price
as this overall it's just kind of a bad
time to be a budget gamer the cards on
the low end from everyone just aren't
performing the way they used to thanks
for watching short circuit if you want
to check out another video card check
out the 4070 super that's kind of doing
better but it costs a lot more money